<<<<<<< HEAD
Gridiron City. A light rain taps rhythmically against the window of a gritty downtown office.

Upon further inspection, this is the office of Detective Jack 'The Shadow' Malone.

Malone, is a seasoned investigator known for solving complex cases. Although, Malone doesn't actually work for the GPD anymore, they refuse to fire him officially, leaving his office intact, and he never officially quit.

So he's a detective forever in limbo. While sitting at his desk, surrounded by scattered files, and a flickering lamp.

The phone on his desk, suddenly begins to ring.

Upon picking up the phone, Richard Miles speaks in a panic.

Richard: Hello, is this Detective Jack Malone? This is Richard Miles from Gridiron Sports Commission. Listen, we need your help it's dire. We've looked all over and still can't find Coach Marlowe!.

Jack remains silent for a moment.

Jack: You sure Marlowe isn't staying out of the publics eye to calm his nerves?

Richard: I'm sure of it! He's 30 years in the making and is sure to go down as the greatest Coach of all time after this upcoming game! For him to have nerves now is silly.

Richard: Now look, after talking with his wife Evelyn and Vice Coach Brown we found somethings but it aint much. Evelyn said that he never came home yesterday. Which is odd according tos

Evelyn, she said he's a man of routine, never changes or deviates for anything. Vice Coach Browns said he last saw him during the late-night meeting. After the meeting, Coach Marlowe told Browns

he was going to his office to grab something before heading home. That being the last time Browns saw him.

Richard: So what do you say Detective Malone? Will you help Marlowes family, his team, thes commission and the entire league by finding him?

Jack: Let me think about it.

The phone *clicks*

Vincent 'Victory' Marlowe missing three days before the biggest game of the century. If that doesn't seem off I don't what does. His team, the GridIron Gladiators whose current record is 19-0.

The talks of the town is they're about to play against Trumbledale Titans, who are also 19-0 in their respectives divisions.

Looks like I've just been handed a full plate, it's time to get to work.
=======
Gridiron City. A light rain taps rhythmically against the window of a gritty downtown office.

Upon further inspection, this is the office of Detective Jack 'The Shadow' Malone.

Malone is a seasoned investigator known for solving complex cases. Although Malone no longer works for the GPD, they never officially terminated his employment.
As a result, he remains a detective in perpetual limbo.

While sitting at his desk, surrounded by scattered files, and a flickering lamp.

The phone on his desk, suddenly begins to ring.

As Jack lifts the receiver, Richard Miles's voice crackles through the line, laced with urgency and panic.

Richard: Hello, is this Detective Jack Malone? This is Richard Miles from Gridiron Sports Commission. Listen, we need your help, it's dire. We've looked
all over and still can't find Coach Marlowe!

Jack remains silent for a moment.

Jack: You sure Marlowe isn't staying out of the public's eye to calm his nerves?

Richard: I'm sure of it! He's 30 years in the making and is sure to go down as the greatest Coach of all time after this upcoming game! For him to have nerves
now is silly!

Richard: Now look, after talking with his wife Evelyn and Vice Coach Brown we found somethings but it ain't much. Evelyn said that he never came home
yesterday, which is odd according to everyone. She mentioned that he's a man of routine, never changing or deviating for nothing or no one. Vice Coach Brown
said he last saw him during the late-night meeting. After the meeting, Coach Marlowe told Brown he was going to his office to grab something before
heading home. That moment being the last time Brown saw him.

Richard: So what do you say Detective Malone? Will you help Marlowe's family, his team, the Sports Commission and the entire city of Gridiron by finding him?

Jack: Let me think about it.

The phone *clicks* as Jack hangs up.

Vincent 'Victory' Marlowe, missing three days before the biggest game of the century. If that doesn't seem off I don't know what does.

His team, the GridIron Gladiators, boasts a current record of 18-0. The talk of the town is that they are set to face off against the TrumbleDale Titans,
who also hold an impressive 18-0 record in their respective conference.

It looks like I've just been handed a full plate, and it smells like foul play.
It's time to get to work.
>>>>>>> b1d61b5539b184d7b607e3cc6c7bd8898f692f6a
